Sthorpe/add reference arch links (#11807)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/_index.md

{{<content-column>}}

> Cloudflare Zero Trust replaces legacy security perimeters with our global network, making the Internet faster and safer for teams around the world. Read our indepth [reference architecture](/reference-architecture/sase-reference-architecture/) on how to use Cloudflare One to evolve your network and security architecture to our SASE platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Zero Trust replaces legacy security perimeters with our global network, making the Internet faster and safer for teams around the world. Refer to our [reference architecture](/reference-architecture/sase-reference-architecture/) to learn how to evolve your network and security architecture to our SASE platform.
```
